Add explain about fps (#1)
Closer-Robotics/OrbbecSDK_ROS2: README.MD

- `color_width`, `color_height`, `color_fps`: The resolution and frame rate of the color stream.
- `ir_width`, `ir_height`, `ir_fps`: The resolution and frame rate of the IR stream.
- `depth_width`, `depth_height`, `depth_fps`: The resolution and frame rate of the depth stream.

>   If you set `sync_mode` to `free_run`, the `color_fps` value can be different from the other values.

Reviewer: これらの文章は`sync_mode`の説明の後にあった方がいいと思います。

`color_fps`は他の値と異なる場合があると書いてありますが、`free_run`モードだと`depth_fps`や`ir_fps`とは異なる値として設定可能になるということでしょうか？

Author: free_runだとcolor_fpsとdepth,ir _fpsは別の値に設定できます。
depth_fpsとir_fpsは常に一致している必要があるようです。

Reviewer: @kazu-321 
確認遅くなり大変申し訳ございません。すっかり忘れていました。

> これらの文章はsync_modeの説明の後にあった方がいいと思います。

こちらの対応はいかがでしょうか？

  `depth_fps` and `ir_fps` should always be the same.

> - `sync_mode`: The mode of data synchronization. The possible calue are `standalone` and `free_run`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sync_mode`: The mode of data synchronization. Acceptable values are `standalone` and `free_run`
```
